add disabled support for iOS (#412)
react-native-datetimepicker/datetimepicker: README.md

<RNDateTimePicker style={{flex: 1}} />
```

#### `disabled` (`optional`, `iOS only`)

> If true the user won't be able to toggle the switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If true, the user won't be able to interact with the view.
```
